ISSUE-2760 Resolving compatibility issues with Microsoft Bot Framework emulator (#5057)
RasaHQ/rasa: changelog/5057.bugfix.rst

> Addressing ISSUE-2760 to resolve compatibility issues with Microsoft Bot Framework Emulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed compatibility issue with Microsoft Bot Framework Emulator if ``service_url`` lacked a trailing ``/``.
```

Reviewer: @justinas-b can you please commit this change as I don't have push access to your fork?
